Clean up explainer (#1107)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/stack/interop/explainer.mdx

This means ETH and ERC-20s can seamlessly and securely move across L2s, and intent-based protocols (i.e., bridges) can build better experiences on top of the message passing protocol.

## Low latency
Interoperability allows for horizontally scalable blockchains, a key feature of the Superchain. With Superchain interop, latency can be 1-block (~2 seconds) by optimistically accepting cross-chain messages. 

## Permissionless dependency set

> The interop protocol works via a dependency set which is configured on a per-chain basis and is a unidirectional relationship that defines the set of chains that a chain will accept incoming messages from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interop protocol works via a dependency set which is configured on a per chain basis and is a unidirectional relationship that defines the set of chains that a chain will accept incoming messages from. 
```

### What is stopping a sequencer from censoring a cross-chain message?
There is nothing stopping a sequencer from censoring a transaction when it is sent directly to the sequencer. This does not mean the network has no censorship resistance, users can always send a deposit transaction for censorship resistance as strong as L1 guarantees. The tradeoff here is the latency, instead of being confirmed in ~2 seconds, the transaction can be confirmed at the rate of L1 block production. It may be possible to adopt something like [EIP-7547](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7547) in the future to enable low latency censorship resistance.

### What is the weakest link scenario?

> Without shared security the concern is that interoperating chains both change their state due to some cross-chain interaction, but a weak chain is attacked / reorged, and that would leave the interop cluster in a conflicting state. This means the security around interactions between two or more chains is as weak as the weakest chain. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without shared security, there’s a risk that interacting chains could enter a conflicting state due to cross-chain interactions. If a weaker chain in the network is attacked or experiences a reorganization, it could change its state independently. This would leave the entire interop cluster in an inconsistent state, as the security of interactions across chains is only as strong as the weakest chain.

```
